What about wild ugly?
Don't forget that we were born to the same mother
We are brothers
Since the mother abandoned her husband and child
No matter how big I am, brother
When Dad was struggling to start a business
Mother abandoned husband abandoned child left
And when Dad had a successful career
Take that wild man and give birth to you
Dad disregarded the past and remarried him
And he actually colluded with the adulterer
Seize 100 billion of my Lin family's property
You asked me, Miss Zhuo also bullied my brother Lin Fan
Are you still scolded and expelled from the family?
I almost forgot.
Susan is the adopted daughter next door
Finally, he colluded with Lin Chusheng
In the last life, he was expelled from the family
It was Susan.
In this life I swear you will all pay the price
What if he did something to Lin Chusheng?
He's just a father
Son of a bitch
If Mom hadn't remarried Dad while pregnant with him
How can he be qualified to live in his current brocade clothes?
The rich and young students of jade food
As for Miss Zhuo
We are in love
How can I insult you?
Sister, don't forget your identity
Your surname is Su, not Lin
You are just an adopted daughter of my Lin family
bastard
Sister, you are in your 30s.
I haven't tasted the taste of male and female love
Did it ever occur to you
There is no blood relationship between us
As long as you want
Brother, I don't mind helping you finish this.
Bar mitzvah
Bastard, I'm your big sister
Adopted daughters
Wouldn't that be more exciting?